The name I use most often is Sherab, i come from a whom, and the name Sherab I got from a tibatan lama who tacht for about 40 years in the Nethelands. When I became his student on 23th of Feburary 1983 I got the name <dont know how to write> and from that time i started using the name Sherab and a few years later even my mother started calling me Sherab. I have been busy with different aspects of spirituality in general, I started with Magic. Those books where written in 22 chapters deriving from the 22 taros cards and 22 letters of some alphabet. In Hebrew alphabet there are no numbers, the letters are the numbers. So alef is 1, bet is 2... and so each word is also a numbers, and that connection is as far as I know, kabela. 

I was not a fast learner, stubborn, used all sorts of drugs. Now not anymore, but I was busy running down the broad path downwards. My Lama pulled my out the shit and turned me around. I was visiting my Mother when I saw a small advertisement in the newspaper: Tibetan Lama gives tara initiation. I thought, thats where I need to go. It was in a living room in Amsterdam. There was a special teacher that was invited by the Lama and how it happened I don't know, but I found my self right in front of him. And when he looked at me, it was like I was made out of glass and he showed me how i was running down that broad path downwards. Thats when I thought, thats a teacher I can't fool, and in his presence I can't fool my self. Thats a teacher I need. Not much later I asked my Lama if I could become a student, and I could. Now I am a student. He taught me to look at things, to see and to feel. And to look at my self and feel my self. If I make mistakes, tra la la la, he'll tell me. Are you are searching for, you are it your self. However its not what you think that you are, how its for real. Look at your self with real honesty and all the shit you'll find, you should embrace it and let it be. As in: ah this I apparently needed this at some time. And then you check if you still need it, if not you can put it aside, but if you still need it you know that. And you can use it until you no longer need it. You are aware of it. And beneath all those layers of habits, ideas and concepts about the world, your self or others, beneath is the core. We all come from that one source, but we have never been separated from it. 

Before I came to Hantum I was living in Groningen. I was a student for a couple of years, and at one point I felt I needed to go to Hantum. That was quite a struggle, because I didn't even want to go, but it was needed. That decided for me the choice to go, not because of my own choice, but because it was needed. Now I understand that a bit better. A Lama looks over a much longer time, he can see things happening ahead, and saw that in Hantum I could really develop my self. Thats what I am doing now, still today. Karma, deleg, chue, bell, ling. That means literly, place where in the correct way Dharma is practiced. Its a Tibetan Study and Meditation center. And there is acomodation available, people pay for that. And then I also put them to work... hahahaha. The stoepa is on a especially blessed location. Its a very special building. At times I got a stern lecture when I called it the Nuclear plant of blessing power. So lets say it a power plant of blessing power, broadcasting lots of blessing power. And blessing power is something that connects you with your own hart. But that depends how open you are to receive it. You can walk around it and spread prayers for peach and goodness to the world. The prayer carousels contain millions of prayers. 